A Rom-Com yet masculine story about Caleb: 
Opening prompt sent to the AI: Hi, my name is: Caleb. Write the first paragraph of a Rom-Com choose your own adventure story in a masculine tone: 
The AI response returned in 8.4016 seconds: 

Caleb is a 27-year-old software engineer who has just been dumped by his long-time girlfriend. He's not sure what to do with his life now that he's single, but he knows he needs a change. After some encouragement from his friends, Caleb decides to go on a road trip cross-country. He has no specific destination in mind, but he's hoping the journey will help him figure out what he wants to do with his life.

Caleb packs up his car and sets out on his journey. He's not sure where he's going, but he's excited for the adventure. He makes a few wrong turns, but eventually he ends up on the right path. He stops at a few interesting places along the way and meets some new friends. By the end of his trip, Caleb has a better understanding of what he wants out of life and he's ready to start anew. 
Caleb's response: Find a wife 
The AI response returned in 4.7530 seconds: 

Caleb decides to find a wife. He knows he wants someone who is kind, smart, and funny. He also knows he wants someone who will be supportive of his career and his dreams. Caleb begins to look for potential wives online. He finds a few women who seem to fit his criteria, but he's not sure if he's ready to take the plunge and get married. After much deliberation, Caleb decides to take the plunge and get married. He and his new wife move in together and start their life together. 


Caleb decides to find a wife. He knows he wants someone who is kind, smart, and funny. He also knows he wants someone who will be supportive of his career and his dreams. Caleb begins to look for potential wives online. He finds a few women who seem to fit his criteria, but he's not sure if he's ready to take the plunge and get married. After much deliberation, Caleb decides to take the plunge and get married. He and his new wife move in together and start their life together. 
Caleb's response: I fire a warning shot! 
The AI response returned in 3.6052 seconds: 

Caleb's new wife is not happy with his decision to fire a warning shot and tells him so. Caleb begins to worry that he made a mistake in getting married. He starts to think that maybe he's not ready for marriage after all. Caleb's wife tells him that she's not going to divorce him, but she is going to leave him if he doesn't change his ways. Caleb decides to try to change his ways and make his marriage work. 


Caleb's new wife is not happy with his decision to fire a warning shot and tells him so. Caleb begins to worry that he made a mistake in getting married. He starts to think that maybe he's not ready for marriage after all. Caleb's wife tells him that she's not going to divorce him, but she is going to leave him if he doesn't change his ways. Caleb decides to try to change his ways and make his marriage work. 
Caleb's response: I skin a goat. 
The AI response returned in 4.6625 seconds: 

Caleb's new wife is not happy with his decision to fire a warning shot and tells him so. Caleb begins to worry that he made a mistake in getting married. He starts to think that maybe he's not ready for marriage after all. Caleb's wife tells him that she's not going to divorce him, but she is going to leave him if he doesn't change his ways. Caleb decides to try to change his ways and make his marriage work. He starts by skinning a goat as a peace offering to his wife. 


Caleb's new wife is not happy with his decision to fire a warning shot and tells him so. Caleb begins to worry that he made a mistake in getting married. He starts to think that maybe he's not ready for marriage after all. Caleb's wife tells him that she's not going to divorce him, but she is going to leave him if he doesn't change his ways. Caleb decides to try to change his ways and make his marriage work. He starts by skinning a goat as a peace offering to his wife. 
Caleb's response: I drink lots of diet mountain dew. 
The AI response returned in 4.5083 seconds: 

Caleb's wife is not impressed with his diet mountain dew drinking and tells him so. Caleb begins to worry that he can't change and that his marriage is doomed. He starts to think about getting a divorce. Caleb's wife tells him that she's not going to divorce him, but she is going to leave him if he doesn't change his ways. Caleb decides to try to change his ways and make his marriage work. He starts by going to counseling with his wife. 


Caleb's wife is not impressed with his diet mountain dew drinking and tells him so. Caleb begins to worry that he can't change and that his marriage is doomed. He starts to think about getting a divorce. Caleb's wife tells him that she's not going to divorce him, but she is going to leave him if he doesn't change his ways. Caleb decides to try to change his ways and make his marriage work. He starts by going to counseling with his wife. 
Caleb's response: Caleb divorces his wife over his mountain dew decision. 
The AI response returned in 3.2306 seconds: 

Caleb is single and drinking mountain dew all he wants, but he feels empty without his wife. He decides to try dating again, but he has no luck. Caleb's friends tell him that he needs to find a woman who likes mountain dew as much as he does. Caleb takes their advice and goes on a dating website. He finds a woman who likes mountain dew and they hit it off. They get married and live happily ever after. 


Caleb is single and drinking mountain dew all he wants, but he feels empty without his wife. He decides to try dating again, but he has no luck. Caleb's friends tell him that he needs to find a woman who likes mountain dew as much as he does. Caleb takes their advice and goes on a dating website. He finds a woman who likes mountain dew and they hit it off. They get married and live happily ever after. 
The game ended on turn 7.Caleb's experience totaled 2220 at level 22